NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D's"...
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
TAKE OUT MISTY'S
DRAGON QUEEN OF
TRAGIC ENDINGS!
THIS DUEL IS OVER.
FROM MY HAND, I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL ADVANCED FORCE!
AND THAT LETS ME SUMMON
OUT THIS LITTLE GUY.
PREPARE YOURSELF FOR
THE NETHERWORLD, AKIZA!
COME FORTH, EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL CCARAYHUA!
AKIZA, YOU HAVE
NO CHOICE.
YOU HAVE TO FINISH
THIS DUEL!
I'LL DO IT.
YOU'LL DO NOTHING
BUT LOSE.
NOW ATTACK!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP CARD,
NATURE'S REFLECTION!
THIS CANNOT BE! AAH!
Yusei: WHAT'S HAPPENING?
WHY'S THE EARTH SHAKING?
LOOK OVER THERE,
EVERYONE!
Mina: IT'S COMING FROM
NEW DOMINO CITY!
Yusei: ANOTHER
DARK SIGNER?
BUT WHO COULD
IT BE?
Akiza: I DON'T KNOW, YUSEI,
BUT I HAVE A FEELING
WE'RE ABOUT TO FIND OUT.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN,
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Akiza: WHAT ON EARTH
IS THAT THING?
Yusei: I DON'T KNOW.
LOOKS LIKE ONE OF THOSE
DARK SIGNER MARKINGS.
Crow: YUSEI,
LOOK WHO I FOUND!
IT'S JACK AND CROW.
Jack: YEAH AND FROM
THE LOOKS OF IT,
WE'RE HERE RIGHT IN TIME.
Crow: SO YOU'RE
AKIZA, HUH?
GUESSING THAT YOU
WON YOUR DUEL.
BUT WHAT'S WITH
THE LIGHT SHOW?
Trudge: IT'S AN EARTHQUAKE!
Yusei: MAYBE
OR MAYBE NOT.
Jack: NOW WHAT?
HEY, I KNOW
THAT AREA.
YEAH, I'M AFRAID
THAT I DO, TOO.
THAT SPOT,
IT'S WHERE THE FIRST
ENER-D REACTOR WAS.
AND I HAVE A HUNCH
THE PORTAL IT OPENED UP
TO THE NETHERWORLD
IS NOW OPEN FOR BUSINESS.
[LOW GROWLING]
Yusei: UH-OH. TROUBLE.
Luna: WHATEVER
THAT THING IS,
IT LOOKS LIKE IT'S HEADED
TOWARDS THE CITY!
Crow: YUSEI,
ROMAN SAID
THAT IF WE
FAILED
TO SEAL THE 4
TOWERS IN TIME,
THEN THE KING OF
THE NETHERWORLD
WOULD APPEAR.
I KNOW. AND
I'M GUESSING THAT'S HIM.
AS AN OFFICER
OF THE LAW,
IT'S MY DUTY
TO ARREST THAT THING.
BUT UNFORTUNATELY
AT THIS PRESENT MOMENT,
I'M OFF-DUTY.
HOLD ON. NOTHING BAD
HAS HAPPENED JUST YET.
MAYBE IF WE DON'T BUG
IT, IT WON'T BUG US.
YEAH, MAYBE SO!
UGH!
LUNA?
[CHIRPS]
KURIBON!
UH-OH.
KURIBON'S
SAYING IF THAT
CREATURE MAKES IT
TO WHERE THAT
CONDOR MARK IS,
A LOT OF BAD THINGS
ARE GONNA HAPPEN!
Yusei: WHAT KIND OF BAD THINGS?
OH, THE VERY BAD KIND.
OK. SO WE
GOT TO STOP IT.
ONLY QUESTION
IS HOW.
Jack: WHOA.
Akiza: OUR MARKS.
Jack: IT'S THE...
Yusei: CRIMSON DRAGON.
[ALL YELL]
ARE WE INSIDE
THE CRIMSON DRAGON?
Yusei: YEP AND
WE'RE GOING SOMEWHERE
IN A HURRY.
Crow: YEAH, WELL, I THINK
OUR STOP IS COMING UP!
Jack: WHERE ON EARTH
HAS HE TAKEN US?
ISN'T THIS THE TEMPLE
THAT WAS UNDERNEATH
GOODWIN'S MANSION?
Akiza: SO THIS IS
WHERE THAT CONDOR
WAS COMING FROM.
WAIT. SO THEN.
THE KING OF
THE NETHERWORLD
IS HEADING HERE
BUT WHAT FOR?
I DON'T KNOW.
IN THAT CASE,
ALLOW ME TO EXPLAIN,
FOR YOU SEE, YOU
MAY HAVE SUCCEEDED IN
DEFEATING THE DARK SIGNERS
BUT NOT IN TIME
TO CLOSE THE DOORS
TO THE NETHERWORLD.
Mina: DIRECTOR?
Jack: GOODWIN!
SO TELL US WHAT'S GOING ON!
DID WE FAIL?
IS THE WORLD GONNA END?
AND WHY'S THAT THING
HEADED HERE?
FOR THE RITUAL.
WHAT?
WHAT RITUAL?
THE RITUAL THAT HAS
BEEN CARRIED OUT
AT THIS TEMPLE
FOR MANY MILLENNIA.
OK. SO WHAT EXACTLY
HAPPENS AT THIS RITUAL?
IT ALL DEPENDS.
BUT THIS TIME
IT'S SOMETHING
THAT'S NEVER
HAPPENED BEFORE.
SO SPILL!
HA HA. SO EAGER.
BUT FOR YOU
TO FULLY UNDERSTAND,
I WOULD NEED TO START
AT THE VERY BEGINNING.
[CHUCKLES]
WHAT IS THAT?
Goodwin:
AND IT ALL STARTS WITH THIS.
IT'S THE FINAL MARK. BUT
WHAT DO YOU WANT WITH IT?
I WANT TO USE IT.
WHY DO YOU THINK
I HAVE THAT METAL
ARM OF MINE?
WHAT'S ONE HAVE TO
DO WITH THE OTHER?
YOU FOOL.
I HAD TO CONSTRUCT
IT SO I WOULD HAVE
A CONDUIT, SO TO SPEAK.
JUST WHAT ARE
YOU PLANNING, GOODWIN?
ANOTHER MARK? BUT
WAIT. THAT ONE...
THAT'S RIGHT... IS THAT
OF A DARK SIGNER'S.
MEANING THAT SOON
I WILL HAVE
BOTH THE POWER
OF THE LIGHT
AND THE DARKNESS!
OH, NO!
Mina: HE CAN'T!
Jack:
HE WON'T!
[GOODWIN CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
AND JUST WHO'S GOING
TO STOP ME? YOU?
WHOA. WHAT IS HE DOING?
Goodwin: I TOLD YOU.
THAT METAL ARM WAS
A CONDUIT...
A DEVICE TO TRANSFER
THE POWER OF THE
CRIMSON DRAGON TO ME!
BUT WHY? WHAT DO YOU
PLAN TO DO WITH IT?
WHAT ELSE? TO
BECOME ALL-POWERFUL
AND RULE THE WORLD.
AND NOW WITH
MY DARK SIGN
AND THE POWER
MY BROTHER ENTRUSTED
TO ME, I SHALL!
Jack: EVERYONE, TAKE COVER!
[GOODWIN CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
BEHOLD, THE PERCH
OF MY REIGN TO COME.
BUT FIRST...
LET US BEGIN THE ANCIENT
RITUAL FOR THE KING
OF THE NETHERWORLD.
WE WILL DUEL
ON THE CREST
OF THE CONDOR.
THERE, I WILL CRUSH
YOU SIGNERS
AND SEND YOU ALL
TO THE NETHERWORLD.
IN TURN, HE WILL
DO MY BIDDING,
AND MY ULTIMATE PLAN
WILL AT LAST BE SET
IN MOTION.
HAVE YOU LOST YOUR MIND?
Crow: YEAH, YOU'RE
THE ONE WHO ASKED
YUSEI FOR HIS HELP
IN THE FIRST PLACE...
TO TAKE DOWN
THE DARK SIGNERS.
I HAD MY REASONS.
NOW, THEN WILL YOU
AGREE TO THIS DUEL
OR WILL YOU NOT?
SURE, IF BEATING
YOU MEANS THAT THING
GOES BYE-BYE!
SOUNDS FAIR TO ME.
BUT YOU WRETCHED
SIGNERS ARE THE ONES
WHO'LL BE GETTING
THE BEATING.
WE'LL SEE.
LET'S DO THIS.
BRING IT ON!
NO ONE HERE
IS AFRAID OF
YOU, GOODWIN!
THAT'S RIGHT!
SO YOU GOT YOURSELF
SOME BULGING BICEPS.
SO WHAT. TAKE A LOOK
AT THESE BAD BOYS.
BUILT FOR SPEED AND POWER,
JUST LIKE THE LEGENDARY
MAN HIMSELF.
THAT'S RIGHT.
WE'LL SOAR AS HIGH AS
HE DID IN THIS DUEL.
THEN LET'S GET STARTED!
BECAUSE CROW, JACK, AND I
ARE ALL SET TO REV IT UP!
GO, GUYS!
BEAT HIM! YEAH!
YOU CAN DO IT!
THAT'S RIGHT!
BE STRONG!
AND BE CAREFUL!
VERY CAREFUL.
Goodwin: FIRST,
A FEW GROUND RULES.
SINCE THIS IS
A 3-ON-1 MATCH-UP,
YOU WILL EACH START
WITH 4,000 LIFE POINTS
WHILE I WILL START
WITH 3 TIMES
THAT AMOUNT... 12,000.
ALSO, NONE OF US CAN
ATTACK ON THE FIRST TURN.
ARE THERE
ANY OBJECTIONS?
NONE HERE!
THAT ALL WORKS
FOR ME!
ME, TOO. SO LET'S GO!
All: DUEL!
Goodwin: NOW, SIGNERS,
PREPARE TO ENTER
INTO A WORLD OF STEALTH,
A WORLD WHERE
EVERY MOVE COUNTS.
PREPARE TO ENTER
SPEED WORLD.
Crow: AND YOU PREPARE
TO ENTER A WORLD
OF HURT, GOODWIN!
I'LL TAKE THE FIRST MOVE!
HERE GOES.
I SUMMON BLACKWING...
MISTRAL THE SILVER SHIELD
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND WHEN A BLACKWING'S OUT,
I CAN SUMMON SOMETHING
ELSE FROM MY HAND...
SOMETHING THAT'S GONNA
REALLY GIVE ME A SERIOUS EDGE,
AND A SHARP EDGE AT THAT.
I SUMMON BLACKWING...
BORA THE SPEAR!
I THEN PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
WHICH MEANS YOU GET
TO DEAL WITH ME NOW.
AND I'LL START
BY CALLING OUT
MAD ARCHFIEND.
NEXT I'LL THROW
A FACEDOWN AND
CALL IT A TURN.
ALL RIGHT. I'M UP
AND YOU'RE ABOUT TO GO DOWN
'CAUSE GUESS WHAT.
WHATEVER YOU'RE PLANNING
AIN'T GONNA BE HAPPENING.
OH, YES, IT WILL.
IT'S BEEN IN THE MAKINGS
FOR 17 YEARS,
NOT THAT I KNEW
IT BACK THEN.
YOU SEE, BEFORE
MY BROTHER ROMAN RELEASED
THE POWER OF ENER-D,
HE GAVE ME THE MARK
OF THE DRAGON HEAD
AND EXPLAINED
THAT EVERY 5,000 YEARS,
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
AND THE KING OF
THE NETHERWORLD
DO BATTLE...
LIGHT VERSUS DARKNESS.
AND THIS TIME, MY BROTHER'S
BODY WAS THE BATTLEGROUND.
TWO MARKS... ONE
SYMBOLIZING EACH
EMBEDDED THEMSELVES
IN HIS FLESH.
BUT THE DARK SIGNER
MARK SOON BEGAN
TO TAKE CONTROL
OF MY BROTHER.
SOON HE WAS SWALLOWED
BY ITS POWER,
BUT NOT ENTIRELY.
ROMAN STILL UNDERSTOOD
THE IMPORTANCE OF
THE DARKNESS BEING KEPT
IN CHECK BY THE LIGHT
SO HE WENT TO GREAT
LENGTHS TO EXPUNGE
THE LIGHT
FROM HIS SYSTEM
AND GIVE IT TO SOMEONE
HE COULD TRUST... ME.
Roman: TAKE THIS.
TAKE THIS AND RUN!
WHAT IS IN
THIS CAPSULE?
THE KEY TO
THE WORLD'S SURVIVAL.
GOOD AND EVIL WERE
BATTLING WITHIN
ME, BROTHER.
AND I CHOSE
THE PATH OF DARKNESS.
GATHER THE 4 SIGNERS,
THEN COME BACK
AND DEFEAT ME!
Goodwin, voice-over:
AND WITH THAT,
HE UNLEASHED THE POWER
OF THE ENER-D REACTOR.
SOON AFTER, I DID AS
MY BROTHER ASKED AND
PREPARED TO FIGHT THE DARKNESS
BY GATHERING YOU SIGNERS.
AND THEN, AS HE SO CHARGED,
I CHALLENGED HIM TO A DUEL,
THE LIGHT AGAINST THE DARK,
THE GOOD AGAINST THE WICKED.
AND DO YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENED?
I LOST.
YOU COULDN'T
HAVE BEATEN ME
WITH THOSE CARDS.
YOU THREW THE MATCH.
BUT WHY? WHY?
I HAVE MY REASONS,
ROMAN. BELIEVE ME.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I MEAN THAT YOU'RE
NOT GOING TO BE ABLE
TO BEAT YUSEI FUDO.
WHAT KIND OF
REASON IS THAT?
DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND,
BROTHER?
THE LIGHT WILL
TRIUMPH OVER DARKNESS.
AND THEN 5,000 YEARS
FROM NOW,
NEW SIGNERS
AND DARK SIGNERS
WILL BE CHOSEN
AND THEY'LL DO BATTLE
ALL OVER AGAIN.
THE CYCLE IS
NEVER ENDING!
BUT NOW THAT I'VE
LOST THIS DUEL,
THAT ALL CHANGES.
CHANGES HOW?
BECAUSE NOW THAT
I'VE LOST,
I WILL BE REBORN
AS A DARK SIGNER
A DARK SIGNER WHO HAS
THE MARK OF A SIGNER.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND
WHAT THAT MEANS,
BROTHER?
THE POWER
I'LL POSSESS?
YOU'VE GONE MAD.
SOON I'LL HAVE ALL
THE STRENGTH AND MIGHT
OF BOTH THE LIGHT
AND THE DARKNESS.
PERHAPS YOU WERE
NOT ABLE TO TAKE ON
THESE TWO FORCES
AT THE SAME TIME.
BUT I ASSURE YOU,
BROTHER, I AM UP
TO THE TASK.
AND THEN THERE
WILL BE A NEW VICTOR
IN THE BATTLE BETWEEN
GOOD AND EVIL.
NO, REX!
IT'S TOO LATE.
IT'S ALREADY STARTING!
Goodwin: SO NOW YOU
FINALLY UNDERSTAND.
WITH THE POWER
I'VE BEEN GIVEN
AS A DARK SIGNER,
I'LL HAVE THE KING
OF THE NETHERWORLD
LAY WASTE
TO ALL THAT THERE IS!
THEN WITH THE POWER
OF THE LIGHT,
I CAN HAVE
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
REBUILD THE WORLD
IN MY IMAGE
FOR ME TO RULE!
YOU'VE LOST IT.
WAIT A SECOND.
LAY WASTE TO ALL
THAT THERE IS?
SO THEN
YOU'RE PLANNING
ON DESTROYING
EVERYONE AND
EVERYTHING ON EARTH?
SORRY, MR. WOULD-BE
WORLD DOMINATOR,
BUT WE'RE NOT GONNA
LET THAT HAPPEN!
Yusei:
THAT'S RIGHT, GOODWIN!
YOU MAY HAVE THE POWER
OF LIGHT AND DARKNESS
ON YOUR SIDE,
BUT WE'VE GOT SOMETHING
EVEN STRONGER,
AND IT'S SOMETHING
YOU CAN'T JUST TAKE!
HA. AND TELL ME,
WHAT MIGHT THAT BE?
IT'S THE POWER YOU
GET FOR FIGHTING
FOR WHAT'S RIGHT!
NOW, THEN
I'M SUMMONING
MAX WARRIOR
IN ATTACK MODE!
THEN I'LL THROW
A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
FINALLY, THEN
IT'S TIME
TO SHOW YOU THE POWER
OF BOTH LIGHT AND DARK.
FIRST, SINCE THERE
ARE MONSTERS ON YOUR
FIELD BUT NONE ON MINE,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON FORTH
ORACLE OF THE SUN
ONTO THE FIELD.
AND THEN I'LL FOLLOW
THAT BY SUMMONING
THE TUNER MONSTER
FIRE ANT ASCATOR!
A TUNER MONSTER?
NOT GOOD!
YES, YOU KNOW WHAT'S
COMING, DON'T YOU?
NEXT, MY LEVEL 3
FIRE ANT ASCATOR TUNES
WITH MY LEVEL 5
ORACLE OF THE SUN
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE ONE, THE ONLY...
THE BEGINNING OF THE END
FOR YOU 3 PEONS...
THE SUN DRAGON INTI!
Computer: SUN DRAGON INTI IS
A LEVEL 8 LIGHT ATTRIBUTE
DRAGON TYPE MONSTER
WITH 3,000 ATTACK POINTS
AND 2,800 DEFENSE POINTS.
I DON'T KNOW.
THAT THING DOESN'T
LOOK SO TOUGH.
DON'T YOU WORRY.
THERE'S MUCH MORE.
NEXT, BY REMOVING
THE TUNER MONSTER FIRE
ANT ASCATOR FROM PLAY,
I CAN SUMMON WEEPING IDOL.
THEN BY LOWERING
MY LIFE POINTS BY 1,000,
I CAN SUMMON
THE DARK TUNER DARK GODDESS
WITAKA FROM MY HAND!
AND NOW I'LL ACTIVATE
WITAKA'S ABILITY!
WITH IT, I'M ALLOWED
TO MAKE HER LEVEL
EQUAL TO THE LEVEL OF
ONE SYNCHRO MONSTER
THAT'S OUT ON THE FIELD.
SO SINCE SUN DRAGON
INTI'S LEVEL IS 8,
WITAKA'S LEVEL NOW
BECOMES 8 AS WELL.
AND NOW THAT SHE'S
PACKING MORE HEAT,
I'LL HAVE HER DARK
TUNE WITH THE LEVEL 2
WEEPING IDOL.
SO YOU SEE, JUST
AS I HAVE BOTH THE POWER
OF LIGHT AND DARK,
MY FIELD WILL HAVE
IT AS WELL.
FIRST THERE WAS
THE SUN DRAGON,
AND NOW THERE IS
THE MOON DRAGON QUILLA!
BUT I'M AFRAID QUILLA
WON'T BE AROUND FOR LONG.
YOU SEE, DUE TO
MY MOON DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
IT IS DESTROYED DURING
THE END PHASE OF MY TURN.
Crow: SO THEN
WHY MAKE
SUCH A PRODUCTION
OUT OF HIM
COMING OUT?
YOU REALLY DO HAVE
A FEW SCREWS
LOOSE, DON'T YOU?
OH, WELL. THIS'LL
BE OVER SOON ENOUGH!
'CAUSE THIS NEXT
ROUND, WE'RE PUTTIN'
THE HURT ON YOU
BIG-TIME!
YES. THIS UPCOMING
ROUND SHOULD BE QUITE
INTERESTING INDEED.
Crow, thinking:
I DON'T LIKE
THE SOUND OF THAT.
Crow, thinking:
ALL RIGHT, GOODWIN.
TIME TO TAKE YOU DOWN.
Crow:
HERE GOES NOTHING!
FIRST THINGS FIRST.
I PLAY THE SPEED
SPELL TUNE-UP 1-2-3.
THANKS TO THIS,
I GET TO ROLL A DIE,
AND THEN BLACKWING'S
LEVEL INCREASES
DEPENDING ON
WHAT NUMBER I ROLL.
ALL RIGHT.
BLACKWING'S LEVEL
INCREASES BY ONE.
AND NOW I'LL
USE THIS BLACKWING
TO TUNE
MY OTHER ONE...
BLACKWING...
BORA THE SPEAR!
AND I THINK YOU KNOW
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT.
A SYNCHRO SUMMON!
THAT BRINGS OUT
BLACKWING ARMOR MASTER.
AND DID I MENTION
WHEN A BLACKWING
IS FACE UP ON MY FIELD,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
THE FOLLOWING MONSTER
WITHOUT ANY PENALTY.
THAT'S RIGHT.
BLACKWING...
ELPHIN THE RAVEN,
YOU CAN COME ON OUT!
NOW, BLACKWING
ARMOR MASTER,
ATTACK THAT
SUN DRAGON INTI!
SOARING SHADOW STRIKE.
FOOL. YOUR BLACKWING DOESN'T
HAVE ENOUGH ATTACK POINTS
TO WIN THIS BATTLE.
Crow:
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
YOU SEE, BLACKWING
ARMOR MASTER CAN'T
BE DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
AND ANY BATTLE
DAMAGE THAT OCCURRED
BECOMES ZERO!
BUT WAIT. THERE'S MORE.
WHATEVER MONSTER
BLACKWING ATTACKED
IS TAGGED WITH
A WEDGE COUNTER.
AND ONCE IT WEDGES
ITS WAY INSIDE,
THAT MONSTER'S ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS
BECOME ZERO
FOR THE TURN,
MEANING MY OTHER
BLACKWING...
ELPHIN THE RAVEN...
CAN'T MISS.
[GOODWIN CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
I'M AFRAID THAT'S
WHERE YOU'RE WRONG, CROW.
THERE'S NO SUCH
THING AS "CAN'T MISS,"
NOT FOR YOU
AND NOT FOR THE SO-CALLED
LEGENDARY MAN
YOU'VE MODELED
YOUR LIFE AFTER.
BELIEVE ME, I KNOW.
Crow: WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
Yusei: HOLD ON.
ARE YOU SAYING WHAT
I THINK YOU'RE SAYING?
THAT YOU'RE...
YOU'RE HIM?
THE ONE WHO BUILT
THE BRIDGE
FROM SATELLITE?
Goodwin: BACK TO THE DUEL
AND TO YOUR ELPHIN THE RAVEN
BECAUSE ANY MONSTER
THAT DESTROYS
SUN DRAGON INTI
IS ALSO DESTROYED.
AND THEN YOU TAKE
DAMAGE EQUAL TO
ITS ATTACK POINTS.
AAH!
ADDITIONALLY,
WHEN SUN DRAGON
INTI IS DESTROYED,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
MOON DRAGON QUILLA
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
YOU SEE, CROW, EVEN
WHEN YOU CAN'T MISS,
YOU CAN STILL
BE DESTROYED.
THAT'S A LESSON
I LEARNED THE HARD WAY.
YES, I AM THE ONE
WHO TRIED TO BUILD THAT
BRIDGE FROM SATELLITE.
I THOUGHT I, TOO,
COULDN'T MISS,
BUT I WAS WRONG.
AND NOW I KNOW THAT IF
YOU REALLY WANT SOMETHING,
YOU MUST DO WHATEVER IS
NECESSARY TO GET IT!
NOT IF IT
MEANS HURTING PEOPLE.
AND THAT'S WHY WE'RE
GOING TO STOP YOU RIGHT
HERE AND RIGHT NOW.
[GOODWIN CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
OHH!
Yusei: HEY, LOOK!
NO WAY!
OUR MARKS!
Luna: THEY'RE GONE!
[GOODWIN CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
GOODWIN. SOMEHOW
HE'S TAKEN THEM
ALL FOR HIMSELF.
[LAUGHTER CONTINUES]
YOU SEE? I'LL STOP AT
NOTHING TO RULE ALL!